there is two sides to every YouTube
channel there is us it creators and then
there is you the audience and as we grow
our goal is to make sure that we don't
grow more distant from you but instead
grow closer and more connected to the
community that we're building whether
that's taking some of you on epic
adventures or letting you control our
lives through polls on Instagram or even
starting a Facebook community for you
guys to connect with each other link to
that Facebook group is in the
description by the way if you don't
wanna miss out and if you're wondering
where I am right now I'm actually by
myself at a wedding and Ibiza Ibiza
Ibiza Ibiza does anyone know how to
pronounce this but despite all of this
it's sometimes so difficult for us to
imagine that every single view on one of
our videos comes from an independent
human being living in their own unique
climes so today it's not only surprise
one of you but also get a glimpse into
what the life of a random subscriber
might be we thought it'd be a good idea
to put on an announcement on our
Instagram telling people that a Mar will
be swapping lives with one of you for 24
hours here's what happens hi guys you
want to swap lives with tomorrow and
come out in LA upload a story your
Instagram I'm explaining who you are
what you do where you live but why Mars
should swap lies with you nice we have a
random person sleep at our house and
amaras gonna live another person's life
in almost 24 hours since we put that
Instagram post up and we've gotten an
insane amount of applications so we have
to go through them and pick the best
candidate for Mar to swap lives with her
today whatever Mars
I challenge you probably can't send amar
to middle school this is always so hard
[Music]
she's the one we found a girl wanna call
her right now and see if she's available
excited about the experience where you
are now Atlanta wow that's incredible
and it was so cool that on your bucket
list one of the top one was to come hang
out with us so bye
she's really cool this is what you get
this is a 24-hour challenge it ends in a
few hours
it's Monday tell me so I can prepare
myself oh we just told you so cursor
preparing Ellie and dropping off at the
exact same time beautiful decorating it
and then dust which lesson stuff are you
Kelly give them are away from all of
this year's no enjoy
[Music]
welcome to California welcome fourth
year celebrating cancer-free don't wanna
I'm graduate her and that this is
probably what tomorrow would eat for
breakfast anyways thank you thank I just
spotted someone with a sign that has my
name on it I assume that this is Kelly's
that does this say Mr yes thank you I'm
really excited
we're heading right now this under
stadium which is where
work that's right yeah anytime Amara
feels like he's a bad place mentally or
whatever he goes to the spa experience
what it's like to be Habib's on his most
peaceful of days hello how are you
yeah this is massive we're gonna go up
to the roof of the stadium which is
super exciting she was relentless I want
to go to Brazil there it is all she's
ever wanted to do so we look for a
mission trip and sign up and she was
she got sick right before she left she
didn't cry at all about being sick until
they told her she couldn't go on the
trip all Sony did you cry you know what
you'll get there you'll get there no I'm
jealous of the guys up there that got to
be spreading something yeah she sounds
awesome
she's been healed for a reason
[Music]
tonight you're gonna have like a little
thing with a Mira's girlfriend where
we're gonna make cookies the way Mr does
this we're thinking be funny if you like
try to find a stranger to invite to that
cookies with me in a Mars go how you
present yourself is how people are see
oh no I feel it I'm only here for 24
hours and I actually swapped wives with
one of them and I'm actually you're
celebrating my anniversary being things
agree it's today and I really want to
make cookies tonight I have no idea how
to make person Wow oh hi not a lot of
people can say they've been up on the
roof of a stadium oh wow tomorrow
absolutely loves what people say there I
will always want to be going to
helicopters also my bucket list
today we just got to Callie's home I get
a key just like Haley I guess that's
Kelly's work oh my god I'm so jealous of
the guys right now they hang out with
her but I guess I'm with I'm with the
family that raised it thank you so much
you're gonna get some rest now before we
start the programming for the night I
really hope she's having fun right now
[Music]
[Applause]
this ain't experience my life going that
close to the building that was crazy
stuff but that was probably one of the
craziest things serious hundred percent
gentleman here mr. Robin you guys want a
helicopter flight in LA Thank You Robin
we do that cool okay take your solid nap
I think Callie's sisters downstairs in
Kelly's best friend Tori just called me
telling the interested outside so I
don't know what we have planned but
probably study okay fine let me say what
are you studying today we're gonna do
some science okay Wow I do not miss this
I cannot miss this at all John uses a
computer monitor eight hours a day for
300 days per year how much does it cost
him to run his monitor per year
we'll lose for a bit and we'll see what
the next adventure is this is quite the
adventure right now I was happening
tomorrow nearly every day actually
recently has been working out with a
group of friends and we told him to come
over to give you a quick idea what that
workout is like we're going to Mars room
we're gonna get Callie serious happy V
workout
[Music]
Amar's here oh I miss you so much
yeah really yeah
what am I so we just finished that more
than brief studies - no how is
everybody's favorite study within school
take back Callie
we're gonna go meet Ali's mom for the
soccer game at 7:00 so we're gonna head
there right now and then I get to see a
soccer game in Atlanta which is
apparently a must stoop for anyone that
comes into a toss-up should I be like an
annoying older brother now Sofia come on
Olli it's your sister right just switch
Eliza such a new president straight
defenders here
[Music]
maybe facetiming Kelly's brother right
now hey what's up brother
I'm your new brother I wish I wish
you're around love to me you have an
amazing family you got a dog here you're
a pretty smart kid I'm a private problem
I would do so we're gonna have to do it
someone's learning actually Omar's
incredibly gifted hard to get it right
look at that
[Applause]
[Music]
I would say bye thank you that's it my
home for 24 hours I survived thank you
so much for everything
oh my pleasure pleasure let's hope I
meet Kali because ever you want to tell
her something
this is great I can tell you what I want
to tell you in person you are one of the
strongest most resilient people that
I've ever had the honor of knowing and
even though I didn't really get to weigh
in first I got to know you through all
the stories that you will share with me
like you're gonna have super inspired
yeah yeah you have an amazing man thank
you I love switching lives any day
[Music]